The problem statement is you will be given a linked list
and you need to get the nth node from
the end of this linked list.
For example if this is the given linked list and
if n is equal to one, then the node 30
should be returned as it is the first node from
the end of the linked list.
And if N is equal to a three then the
node 10 should be returned as it is the third
node from the end.
So your task is to write the logic for this
get nth node from end of the linked list problem
and submit it using the below compiler. See some sample
inputs and corresponding outputs.
If the input linked list is 10 20 30 and
n is equal to one, then the expected output is 30.
And if the input linked list is 10 20 30 and n equal to three, the the expected output is 10.